hello and welcome to the show er was a
great show
here on 450 season and 123 Emmy Awards
it was the longest-running primetime
medical drama and television history and
tonight we bring you the magic back with
the first every unit of ER
that's a lot of blood I need a CBC cross
the top four units somebody bring me a
scalpel somebody bring me a scout why
didn't anybody bring me a scalpel oh
excuse me um you know I'm sorry
no I'm supposed to be under but the
reason nobody's bringing you a scalpel
is because you know it's kind of a
last-minute thing and we were we had
some trouble getting a whole cast of the
article
julianna margulies
yeah she's filming The Good Wife so she
couldn't make it
no a while and he's you know he wanted
to be here but he's got uh I guess he
got the thing with his family Taco
Tuesday they have Derek LaSalle oh no
Eric LaSalle is jury duty so he's I'm
sorry we really probably shouldn't even
have done this I should you know if you
want to cancel because we can no I want
to cancel I'm not gonna care what George
Clooney commits to an ER sequel reunion
right George Clooney says he's gonna
show up for an ER reunion uh-huh
he doesn't okay all right all right
we'll have anybody oh yeah we did get um
someone for you oh look it's
it's you worry from from ER what year
were you wanting are no I was not no I
was not technically on ER I was on
Amazon house
all right run what's buzzin up Davis
Kevin well let me see what we have here
oh oh oh wow mine Wow God oh that's bad
that looked terrible something wrong I
mean that's just terrible is there
anything wrong doctor please no no no um
not not wrong exactly no but uh you it's
just that I first I don't do
microsurgery oh alright well get on with
the operation then I guess okay
okay um well what do you think we should
do just operate on whatever you were
supposed to operate on in the first
place
oh my god I'm dying oh no he's he's he's
I tell you what he's crashing yes
kidneys are shutting down as he's going
into monkeys yes organ failure super
ventricular tachyrhythmia my dog I don't
even remember what that is where is
sherry Stringfield oh we couldn't she
couldn't get an uber so she didn't come
tell me Edwards he he's at SoulCycle
Oh
come on let's get a little jitter you
hear that little Jimmy stay with us his
BP is dropping B P stands for blood
pressure oh all right
but if we don't perform arterial
ligation and pack the cavity with that
today too strong and right now that's it
that's it I'm gonna perform CPR come on
stay with me cheering come on sir come
on Jimmy
dr. Ross no this is not working you got
to give him the rapper's delight'
gratis tonight come on dr. Ross you
remember what they taught us at iki
medical school give him the rapper's to
life
listen hip-hop I had to do the heavy
gonna hit hip hop he'll stop rockin to
the bang bang boogie say up jump the
boogie to the rhythm of the boogie B
you don't stop rocking up favor bummer
to the deleted back bang the movie to
the movie to me now what you do
he's coming up I'm alive
give a pulse dr. rush you saved him you
used hip-hop to save this man's life
hip-hop to save his life
dr. rush you're a genius now you're a
genius for thinking energy well you're
both geniuses and thank you so much guys
thank you so much
you say dad for saving my life doc Doug
Ross something I've always wanted to do
me too
ready that was a really good
begging your few warriors George Clooney
go
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever